Barghests are evil, soul devouring creatures, produced when the souls of
normal wolves are corrupted by exposure to dark energy.  They are rare,
but very dangerous.

Dark magic attracts evil spirits, and also injures wolves like any other
living creature.  If a wolf is killed by dark magic strong enough to
also damage its soul, there's a chance a nearby evil spirit can latch
onto the soul, then absorb and utterly consume it, seizing control of
the body in the process.

Once the wolf's former body has been seized by such a spirit, the body
undergoes a transformation into a large, soul-devouring machine as its
internal anatomy is adapted for such a task, and the size of the body is
greatly increased over time.  The newly formed barghest wakes a week
later.

They are three times as big as normal wolves, and have an appetite to
match.  Their throats and jaws are snakelike, and though they still
possess the sharp fangs and teeth of their former wolf counterparts,
they are capable of feeding like a snake, engulfing their prey whole,
and alive.

Barghests have two different kinds of hunger, one for flesh and blood,
and the other for souls.

A barghest's mundane carnivorous appetite mimics that of the normal wolf
it used to be.  Barghests satisfying their lust for fresh meat hunt,
feed, digest, and assimilate much as wolves do, taking into account the
differences in scale.

Where a barghest's true danger comes into play, however, is when the
possessing spirit itself wishes to increase its power or otherwise cause
mayhem and despair.  When that happens, the barghest's intelligence
takes a nasty turn for the better, and it begins seeking out high value
targets.

A barghest on the prowl for a soul to consume will be more brazen than
otherwise, as the possessing spirit's unholy lusts will cause it to care
less about the welfare of the body it's using.

When a barghest wishes to capture the soul of the creature instead of
just its flesh and blood, it will seek to capture its prey alive so that
it can be swallowed whole.  After doing so, the prey quickly suffocates,
however, the newly released soul cannot escape, and the evil spirit
latches onto it and starts draining it much like a vampire would.

Once the soul is captured, the host begins burning it, feeding off the
energy.  While the soul is burned, it reverts, and loses its life experiences